What's an other's truth? That's the Buddhism. In the Buddha's teaching, thinking of others is so
important.
In the teachings said, we're simply thinking of ourselves all the time, since the beginning of the
times until now, we are thinking of ourselves, ourself, ourself, we, we, we.
For what we ended up, we know, nothing really we fulfilled, any much, and more difficult, more
troubles, and struggling again and again, again and again, as climbing on the sand mountains.
Nothing really we further reached. That's what we're thinking of ourselves.
On the other hand, Buddha, in the Great Bodhisattva, such as Medicine Buddha, taking over other
beings, opening wide their mind and heart, thinking of other beings with love and kindness and
compassion, to all the beings.
And what they fulfilled? They've become fully enlightened, preformed all the suffering, the
difficult, miserable, unbalanced, what we don't like, what we don't want.
They completely overcome that, not just that, they start to benefit to all the beings.
Wherever they go, wherever they read, even the names of them, bring them joy, bring the others joy
and peace and happiness.
That is the what the performance they go, thinking of others.
That is the role model, the whole mark of the Buddhism, Buddha's teaching, thinking of others with
love, kindness, compassion, joy and appreciation, not just thinking of others with the I'm the
Great, I'm going to do something to you.
That's not the way. But we respect and appreciate to the others and glorify them, their nature, and
that is the others, that thing.
So therefore, we have to fulfill two goals also immediately, goals of others and goals of others
and ourselves.
That goal is then purpose, immediate purpose to bring as what we're talking, the healing.
Many people think healing is something connected with mind and it's something connected with maybe
more healthy, same thing.
But fundamentally, the cause of unbalance that I spoke yesterday to you all, and you maybe know
many of those, is start to prolong our this monkey mind.
Our this monkey mind, unskilled mind, the inner mind is the source of every unbalanced state.
That affected and the kind of ripple affect to the mind, body and then created all these things.
So therefore, we have to deal with it immediately with the mind and then as well as a target with
this body.
Of course, body is the vehicle. Body is in the Buddha's teaching, often known as the boat to cross
the ocean of the samsara.
Cross of the old do good things to the body is so important.
We have to cherish, we have to glorify, we have to honor and respect and keep balance as it needed.
Not too much, not too little. Too much is too much. That's what we call human state.
And too little is also not. Yes or right as the middle way.
We have to cherish, we have to nice, we have to kind, we have to respect to this body.
To do this, then practice such medicine, but is so spectacular. It is good for our self immediately
to cure the disease and sicknesses.
And deep down it is glorifying our negativities and our karmas.
Our discourse of negativities of the ignorance and attachment and anger and so forth.
This all this negative emotion are removing, pacifying that.
So therefore, medicine Buddha is so spectacular.
And not just that. Then we are doing this for others.
Thinking of others as our primary object in the goal.
Goal and then walk to our son. That's what called dual purpose.
To do this, to just come with that scope of the vision.
And goal and then we begin to practice such as this medicine Buddha practices.
Then, as in the teaching said, he is beautiful. This is, this teaching is wrote by or reworked by
very famous master.
As he said, he is studying the pedakarma chamma.
He was a scholar, he was a master. He is a union of the scholar and master.
Not just an intellectual, not just only as a practitioner, but that's why he preferred his goal.
He performed so many things, this pedakarma chamma.
He is one of the great masters, the great teachers in the Buddhist history or the Tibetan Buddhist
history.
And this is a combined of the teaching of the Buddha dharma, the teaching of the guru and the sambh
ava,
and teaching of the great master Chanda Rakyat, with toghed, with dharma and kamma, and all united
toghed.
And this is what called the sapphire water or the lakos, the lajuli water.
That means, it is healing nattos. It heals the mind, it heals the body.
But that means, we are, we have the, we have the skirt, skirt.
We are wounded by the emotions, skirt. We are wounded by the emotions we have.
We are wounded by the negativities of the ego clinkings.
We are wounded by with all the grasping and clinkings.
And we are overloaded there. And this is great, cool, healing, natural.
Water that will heal that wound of the negative emotions.
And that will immediately affect to the, our body, which is also efforts on balancing and sickness,
ours and others.
So therefore, this is so spiritual. This is blessed practitioners.
Blessed by the minds of the Murpaya Masambhala and Buddha and all those great masters.
And it toghed with his blessings.
And then he was also accompanied by very great thetum, known as namtyum mayadod.
Actually, he always, Rana as himself said, namtyum mayadod is the king of the thetum.
He himself as minister, the management of this great thetum.
He said, but himself is great.
So combined toghed, this is so special practices.
And again, this is natural. This is healing water.
And therefore, we are going to honor and glorify, cherish and keep very dear to our practices.
This is a special practice that will do all this work as he said.
And the same time, this will then remove our obscurations, negativities and bring the enlightenment
as this Buddha's enlightenment.
So therefore, this is very special with this beautiful honor and a gratitude and a graceful and a
great honor.
And then we practices. And when we practice this, this as for the for this purpose to heal to
ourselves immediately
and a long time to bring everyone to the enlightenment to this goal.
And this is as he said, in the teaching said, so those who are as a needle, if they like to do this
, continue as principal practices.
Practice it and then set up small, beautiful shrines.
It's beautiful. This shrines are very important.
It is a reminder of our practice in meditation instead.
So set up beautiful, nice, comfortable, kind of very lovely, like cherish, like share, try.
In front of that, then you sit down and begin to practice this.
This practice itself is divided. Then always, every practice is divided into three sections.
Those are the great master and as well as many others said, three supreme ones, three noble ones.
These three noble ones are so important.
We like to practice what we practice. I like to be as part of the practice.
There's something benefit to ourselves and benefit to the others.
Not just an immediate, but long-lasting benefit.
Long-lasting benefit to ourselves, to benefit to the other beings.
This frame of these three principles, three supreme ones or three noble ones is so important.
In the Tibetan, it's called tambasam, three noble ones.
Tambasam is so important, personal noble, middle noble and ending noble.
We have these three noble ones, the whole practice, not just your practice.
Actually, all activities really become something very divine, something so special, so beautiful.
So therefore, it's good for all the older practitioners to remember this and also for the engaging
newly practitioners to remember that.
That makes perfect practices, perfect spiritual.
It starts with a good heart, with the body jata, with joy and devotion, and non-grasping, clean in
ways.
And then, to continue carry that and fly that way, and we're going to landing and ending that
practice with that beautiful holy and supreme one.
And then, continue the ripple effects all the time until we reach the enlightenment.
Until sentient beings are become the Buddha, it's said in the teaching, it will really affect, it
will help them, it will benefit.
So therefore, this is suspect.
And the first noble one is according to this sadhana.
Have you looked at this text?
And then, the first noble one is, of course, also I'm going to say again more with this text.
And the noble one is to start with the lineage prayers as we have this green booklet.
Lineage prayers.
Lineage prayer, and with all that, that means what?
This teaching is not just overly developed here, overnight developed here.
It is long-lasting continuation, lineage of wisdom and compassion, joy and appreciation.
That continuing, this light continuing there, and we are connected to that light.
And therefore, we have to honor, we have to respect, we have to appreciate.
And we have to be taught, deep down, we need joy.